DOCS-#3719: Improve documentation for `pandas_on_python` execution (#3775)
modin-project/modin: docs/flow/modin/core/execution/python/implementations/pandas_on_python/index.rst

PandasOnPython Execution
========================

Queries that perform data transformation, data ingress or data egress using the `pandas on Python` execution
pass through the Modin components detailed below.

> To enable `pandas on Python` execution, please refer to the usage section in :doc:`pandas on Python </UsingPandasonPython/index>`.

Reviewer: I feel we should duplicate some info here about `PandasOnPython` being sequential engine with main purpose being debugging.

Also this link wasn't generated for some reason.

Author: I agree, info about sequential execution/debugging is added.

Link isn't generated because the doc </UsingPandasonPython/index> doesn't exist. This is future doc. The same you can see for Ray executiuon: https://github.com/modin-project/modin/blame/master/docs/flow/modin/core/execution/ray/implementations/pandas_on_ray/index.rst#L7 (link on </UsingPandasonRay/index> isn't generated also).

    dataframe
    partitioning/partition
    partitioning/axis_partition
    partitioning/partition_manager

Data Ingress
''''''''''''

.. image:: /img/pandas_on_python_data_ingress.svg
   :align: center

Data Egress
'''''''''''

.. image:: /img/pandas_on_python_data_egress.svg
   :align: center

When a user calls any IO function from the ``modin.pandas.io`` module, the `API` layer queries the
:py:class:`~modin.core.execution.dispatching.factories.dispatcher.FactoryDispatcher` which defines a factory specific for
the execution, namely, the :py:class:`~modin.core.execution.dispatching.factories.factories.PandasOnPythonFactory`. The factory, in turn,
exposes the :py:class:`~modin.core.execution.python.implementations.pandas_on_python.io.PandasOnPythonIO` class
whose responsibility is a read/write from/to a file.

When reading data from a CSV file, for example, the :py:class:`~modin.core.execution.python.implementations.pandas_on_python.io.io.PandasOnPythonIO` class

> reads the data using corresponed `pandas` function (`pandas.read_csv` in this case). After the reading is complete, a new query compiler is created from `pandas` object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reads the data using corresponding `pandas` function (``pandas.read_csv()`` in this case). After the reading is complete, a new query compiler is created from `pandas` object
```

using :py:meth:`~modin.core.execution.python.implementations.pandas_on_python.io.io.PandasOnPythonIO.from_pandas` and returned.

When writing data to a CSV file, for example, the :py:class:`~modin.core.execution.python.implementations.pandas_on_python.io.PandasOnPythonIO` converts a query compiler

> to `pandas` object using :py:meth:`~modin.core.storage_formats.base.query_compiler.BaseQueryCompiler.to_pandas`. After, `pandas` writes the data to the file using corresponded
> function (`pandas.to_csv` in this case).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to `pandas` object using :py:meth:`~modin.core.storage_formats.base.query_compiler.BaseQueryCompiler.to_pandas`. After that, `pandas` writes the data to the file using corresponding
function (``pandas.to_csv()`` in this case).
```
